randchars
=========

randchars is a cli app that generates random characters. By default, it generates them from the `base64` set and outputs the resulting characters to `stdout`; one line per group of generated character. A PRNG is used unless the `-c` flag is passed, which will result in a CSPRNG being used.

## Usage 

    $ randchars 12
	BtpzuxNAcgCN
	1 sets totalling 12 random characters were generated and written to stdout

Multiple groups of random characters can be generated by providing a space separated list of numbers.

    $ randchars 12 12 12
    Yqh/Hc/1e7iF
	0qpUX+cgi7no
	ttDN5dIIUalq
	3 sets totalling 36 random characters were generated and written to stdout

Use a CSPRNG:

   $ randchars -c 16
   AG2KBlizOPm+DTZf
   1 sets totalling 16 random characters were generated and written to stdout


## Flags

flag | default | description  
:--|--|:--  
c|false|use a CSPRNG  
o|stdout|output destination  
chars|base64|charset to use for generation
h|false|help  
help|false|help  

__Supported Charsets__
value|chars  
:--|:--:  
alphanum|a-zA-Z0-9  
lalphanum|a-z0-9  
ulaphanum|A-Z0-9  
alpha|a-zA-Z  
lalpha|a-z  
ualpha|A-Z  
base64|a-zA-Z0-9+/  

## License
Copyright © 2016, All rights reserved
Joel Scoble, https://github.com/mohae/randchars

This is licensed under The MIT License. Please refer to the included
LICENSE file for more information. If the LICENSE file has not been
included, please refer to the url above.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License


